DOC-2164 RS 6.4.2 May release notes and docs (#2540)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/clusters/optimize/optimization.md

    /rs/clusters/optimize/optimization/,
]
---
Redis Enterprise Software uses various algorithms to optimize
performance. As part of this process, Redis Enterprise Software examines usage
and load to adjust its runtime configuration. Depending
on your specific usage and load, Redis Enterprise Software might take some
time to adjust for optimal performance.

To ensure optimal performance, you must run your workload several times
and for a long duration until performance stabilizes.

## Failure detection sensitivity policies

You can optimize your cluster's thresholds and timeouts for different environments using the `failure_detection_sensitivity` cluster policy:

- `high` (previously known as `local-network watchdog_profile`) – high failure detection sensitivity, lower thresholds, and faster failure detection and failover

- `low` (previously known as `cloud watchdog_profile`) – low failure detection sensitivity and higher tolerance for latency variance (also called network jitter)

> Depending on which policy you choose, Redis Enterprise Software uses different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis Enterprise Software uses different thresholds to make operation-related decisions based off which policy you choose.
```

> thresholds to make operation-related decisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
